The largest stone columns ever moved or erected are located at the Heliopolis
and Baalbek Lebanon.
And this video is essentially a continuation of my last video stating that the
Romans did not have the physical or technological capabilities to move or lift
these massive stone blocks that make up the foundation of the Heliopolis. Now,
when you look at these columns, they are absolutely massive,
66 feet high or 19 meters, 8.2 feet wide,
or nearly two and a half meters wide. And they're made up of solid rows,
granite or cyanide, a little bit of both,
depending on which columns you actually look at at this site,
just compare these columns to people.
So you can get an understanding of just how massive they truly are,
but what's even more interesting is that they're nearly twice the size of Greek
columns. Take, for example,
the Parthenon located at the Acropolis in Athens Greece,
these columns are 34 feet high or 10.4 meters,
and about 6.2 feet wide, or 1.9 meters. And they're made up of limestone,
but the columns located in a Baalbek again made up of rows,
granite and cyanides were moved from 1,440 kilometers away,
or just shy of 900 miles.
And this is according to mainstream academics that credit the Aswan Cory for
being the location for these stones were sourced from why on earth would
they move something so massive?
And if anyone could tell me the weight of these actual columns,
because each column has made up of several different pieces,
it might be five give or take. And again,
remember these are 66 feet high in total.
So if you have more than a hundred columns at this site,
which I'll discuss in a second, you have a few hundred different pieces,
which are, I mean, I don't know someone leave a comment again,
if you can estimate the weight of these, I don't know, 10, 15 tons,
maybe more a piece in a few hundred,
them moved nearly a thousand miles. So again,
why would they go to such an incredible extent to move these pieces from such a
far distance to this site? Now,
these columns made up the temple of Baucus and the temple of Jupiter,
but both of these temples are located on the Heliopolis,
which in itself is something like five meters higher than the ground around it.
But when you enter the Heliopolis, when you climb up into it,
the temple of Jupiter, for example,
is seven meters or 23 feet higher than the actual foundation of the site
itself. Now, speaking of the temple of Bacchus, which is made up of 42 columns,
eight along each end, 15, along each side, and again, 66 feet high.
And the temple of Jupiter is made up of 54 columns,
which only a few are still standing by the way,
they've come down from various earthquakes over the millennia,
but yet 10 in front and back in 19 along each side.
And if you're interested in, what's actually inside the temple of Bacchus,
since I'm mentioning it,
you can take a look here as the other columns are inside,
and you can see there's some sort of alter. And if you look back at the doorway,
look at just how high up that is.
And especially when you compare it to other people,
but if you take a closer look at the doorway itself, look at the shape of it.
It's the shape of a trapezoid, which is very similar.
And I've mentioned this in other videos,
the similarities from different cultures across multiple continents,
whether it's the pre Lincolns in south America and Peru,
or the Egyptians that all utilize the same type of shape for doorways.
Is that just a coincidence or is it further evidence that ancient human
civilization was once a global civilization, as I mentioned in many videos.
So the question becomes, how did they lift these massive columns? Well,
we know that they sat the individual pieces of the columns on top of each other,
but then when you look at the remaining standing columns at the temple of
Jupiter, the freeze blocks located at the top,
the smallest of which weigh approximately 66 tons.
And the corner piece has been estimated between 108 and 110
tons,
and was somehow lifted more than 19 meters or nearly 63 feet off the
ground. Now, mainstream academics gives sole credit to this entire site,
to the Romans. Now, in my prior video,
I discussed the capabilities and limitations of the strongest Roman crane in
existence, which had a maximum lift of approximately 6.6,
us tons and mainstream academics will tell you that because the Roman cranes
could not possibly lift anything this high 63 feet off the ground,
they must have created some sort of unknown support structure in order to
elevate the cranes. So wait a second. Essentially,
they would need to have 17 of these Roman cranes surrounding one of these
columns in order to lift that block to the top. That's,
that's just not feasible. And speaking of not feasible,
let me mention a few things that I should've mentioned from my prior video
involving moving the massive 900 ton trial with on stones.
Many comments I received on that video were from people discussing the video of
a gentleman named Wally from Michigan,
where he himself lifts or wrecks a 20 ton stone all by himself through
simply moving dirt,
moving weight and utilizing pressurized water through a hose in order to
displace the weight. And it will erect itself.
It's absolutely brilliant by the way,
but there are a few things wrong with this brilliant theory on why it would not
work over here at the Heliopolis with the trial Fon stones. I mean,
I imagine just first of all, there's no space to work with. I mean,
this is when you see the demonstration, they do it on the ground,
but over at the Heliopolis, you're building a wall.
So did they just keep moving dirt up? And another question becomes,
what did they use for pressurized water? I mean,
surely they didn't have electric motors or gas engines to pump water, did they?
But the very nature of the method itself,
there's a big difference between moving one block on top of the other and
erecting a stone. You really just need to watch that video for yourself.
So you can see one that it's brilliant,
but two that it just won't work based on the very nature and the structure of
the Heliopolis itself. It just doesn't make sense. Now,
some of the other comments they got where people suggesting the wait a second,
they would have used ramps and probably elephants too,
in order to pull these massive 900 ton stones up and put them in place.
But wait a second here first,
imagine on how big this ramp would have to be for it to be an incline.
That's at least shallow enough for anyone to pull something, you know,
that's over 2 million pounds up. It, it would have to have a very low grade.
So in other words, this thing would have to extend out.
I don't even know how many hundreds of feet, but furthermore,
are we supposed to believe that for each stone going from left to right,
they would have had to move this entire ramp over again and, and not,
not to mention,
did they have some sort of steamroller cause imagine on how tight you would have
to pack in that dirt in order to support the weight of something that weighs a
couple million pounds going up at otherwise, the dirt would just displace it.
So we're supposed to believe that they just did it back and forth for each
stone. I mean,
even take a look at inside the Heliopolis the massive 800 and even 900
ton stone blocks that are inside of it,
which I already mentioned the more than five meters off the ground.
So we supposed to believe that they moved tens of thousands, presumably meters,
cubic meters of dirt in and out of the Heliopolis to do low stones,
to just moving them back and forth. And again, going to, you know,
to the elephant argument,
I almost forgot to mention how many elephants would you need to pull a 900 ton
stones? Well,
I did some research and apparently one male elephant can pull somewhere between
nine and 10 tons. So if we're talking about a 900 ton stone guys,
that's about 90 elephants, nine zero.
And that's assuming that they didn't need more than that.
Since if you're going up an incline,
you would need more elephants to support that additional weight.
But just thinking about the distance from the front elephant to the stone,
I mean,
we're talking about presumably a couple hundred feet because how many elephants
can you fit in a row?
So how far could they possibly get one of these stones up to the trial of fond
wall? Do you see what I'm saying? It doesn't make sense.
The elephants are gonna fall off. They couldn't get it close enough.
And these stones are aligned perfectly, but this is where people will say that,
wait a second, you're just not giving humans enough credit. No,
that's not it I'm not giving the Romans the credit because they did not have the
physical or technological capabilities. And by the way,
the Romans recorded everything. And yet it's unexplainable,
it's unknown who built the temple of Jupiter.
It's unknown who constructed the temple of,
or the Heliopolis foundation itself because the Romans don't credit anyone for
it. Isn't that odd. Now,
another point that has to be mentioned is that when you look at the quarry,
the 1200 ton stone block, as well as the 1800 ton stone block,
which mainstream academics say that they cut and carved these stones.
And once they realized they were too heavy to move, they just abandoned them.
But Graham Hancock has an excellent point about that, which is that,
wait a second.
When you look at all the other blocks that make up the Heliopolis that are on
top of these massive stones,
are we supposed to believe that these people were just too dumb to cut up the
unused massive stone blocks located at the quarry?
Think about how much more difficult it is to cut stones out of the bedrock when
they could simply slice up these other massive stones,
but yet they didn't do that. That doesn't make any sense.
This ties into what Graham Hancock has also stated about humans being a species
with amnesia that we just don't know the true history of our past,
but the evidence continues to Mount that there was some sort of cataclysmic
event that essentially reset mankind approximately 12,000 years ago.
When you look at the evidence of the cataclysmic events at that time and the
younger Dryas,
and when you take a look essentially at these massive stones that are
essentially abandoned here in Baalbek,
could these be evidence of the last remaining things that were being worked on
prior to that cataclysm? I mean,
take a look at the Aswan quarry with the unfinished 1200 ton obelisk
again, the Aswan quarry in Egypt,
which is the same location where mainstream academics and archeologists state
that these rose granite and Sinai columns came from all the way over to Lebanon.
Again, 900 miles away to wrap this up.
I'm not taking any credit away from human capabilities.
Rather the Roman simply did not have the physical or technological capabilities
to construct this site. But again, this is a subject of much debate.
So leave a comment, let me know what your thoughts are, but I'll leave it there.
Like subscribe on Jimmy.
This is bright insight and I have many other videos to come and a whole wide
variety of topics. Take care, everybody.